CS344 Exercise 6.2
Ian Park

Framing
1a. We want our machine learned model to identify emails in Gmail as important or unimportant.

2a. Our ideal outcome is to mark important Gmail emails with tags that indicate urgency, attention, and action required.

3a. Our success metrics are the Gmail user rate of reading and responding to important emails and the time taken to make those actions.

3b. Our key results (KR) for the success metrics are that the system successfully marks the majority (80-90%) of the emails that require user action. Furthermore, users should take action to marked emails before unimportant emails.

3c. Our ML model is deemed a failure if emails that our system marked as important are read and action is taken at the same rate as unimportant emails that aren't marked.

4a. The output from our ML model will identify the importance of an email.

4b. The output is defined as the probability of whether the receiver took action to the email.

5a. Our output from the ML model will be made when the user receives the email.

5b. The output will be used for tagging and sorting the email for the user's inbox.

6. If we didn't use ML, we would look for emails that contain emails that address the user by name, a reply to an email that the user sent, an email within the user's Google contacts, an email that is sent twice.

Formulating
7a. We would use Binary Classification in order to mark an email as Important or Not Important.

7b. It is already a binary classification problem.

8a. Inputs:
            1. List of recipients of the email
	    2. Address of sender.
	    3. The first line of the email content
	    4. The next line after white space to check if it is a response
	    5. Sender's email address
	    6. Subject of the email
    Outputs:
            1. Important
	    2. Not Important

9a. The data inputs would come from each of the incoming email messages.

10a. I would choose the sender's email address, subject of the email, and the list of recipients of the email. These would give me a lot of initial information to identify the email.
